[MUSIC PLAYING]
Today, we put ourselves in
the shoes of Cynthia Carroll.
Imagine you've become CEO of one
of the world's largest mining
companies, Anglo American.
$25 billion dollars in
sales, 162,000 employees,
two thirds of them
in South Africa,
and four months into your
job you hear the news
one of the miners in Rustenburg
has lost his life, yet
another fatality.
You have to decide are you
going to shut down the mine
or continue business as usual.
David, if you can
open for us today.
You're Cynthia Caroll.
The news comes to you.
Do you shut down the mine
in Rustenburg, yes or no?
What are you going to do?
So I think she needs to initiate
very detailed investigations
into what happened in
these circumstances
and what has happened
throughout the past.
Are you going to shut
down or not shut down?
So I'm going to do a
detailed investigation.
[LAUGHTER]
When I do have a plan [laughing]
What are you
learning, what are you
learning in this investigation?
Practices that are not
being followed correctly,
or out of line,
or could be safer,
where there's like issues.
People are dying.
It's not safe.
What evidence are
you looking for?
When you get the
opportunity to participate,
you need to be able to
compact the information
that you're going
to present in a very
concise and clear manner.
Through participation
in class every day,
this is something that
I am trying to sharpen.
Who wants to get in on this?
It's dynamic, it's fast-paced,
there's a ton of energy.
And everyone's really excited
to jump in and contribute.
I learn a lot from
my peers, as much
as I learn from the
faculty, if not more.
The professor kind
of facilitates.
Like an orchestra, they
kind of direct the music,
but they're not
necessarily playing it.
So.
I think we need to shut it down.
Miner deaths are
accepted as just a part
of the process of mining.
Shutting down the operation
would signal a very strong
mentality shift that deaths
aren't going to be tolerated.
That's called a bold stroke, by
the way, what Grant is talking
about, what Jospeh
is talking about,
what Robert is talking about,
is a bold stroke, which
means from this day forward
something has shifted.
But those of you who
disagree say what?
Those of you disagree
say what, Will?
I think we do much
more to be improve
the culture around safety
and the entire organization.
If there's some truth that
we're trying to work toward,
the debates become
more and more fun
because that's when you
get to uncover views
that you haven't thought of.
And when you get to
push your own thinking
and hopefully make your own
thinking much, much better.
If you allow your perspective
to be constructively challenged
by other people, then
it is just fascinating
how know your position and
your perspective can shift.
Those of you who
want to shut down,
how do you respond to this?
Layla.
We shut down the plant
because we had safety issues.
And we made a stand.
And we started making a safety
culture, like we had a safety--
The fact that we can have
difficult, uncomfortable
conversations, we
can talk about race,
we can talk about
politics, and still
be friends at the
end of the day.
And to have people who are
not from a specific group,
but still have sympathy and
empathy is pretty unique.
Beyond cultural and
beyond structural,
we also talk about the
people of the organization.
The overseers are
generally white
and the workers are
generally black.
The language with
which they communicate,
it's called [INAUDIBLE],,
and it's largely
a command and control language.
So you're saying
some structural.
You're saying some linguistic
communication barriers.
You're saying some
organization cultural issues
around the entire organization.
I think this also
gives you humility.
Your perspective is not
enough to figure out
the answer to a question.
And actually gives you the
ability to ask other people
what their perspective is.
Just 27 countries represented
in our section of 94 people,
and because of the way that
the case method is structured,
we can sort of get
underneath what
are those differences
really tied to.
Are their cultural
things about where
you come from that makes the
business world operate slightly
differently, and
are there things
that we can learn from
those differences.
I think consumers
are critical here.
So not only do they care
about having high quality
inputs to their
supply chains on time,
but they will also
care about safety.
In the first month or
couple weeks of class,
I was hesitant to participate.
But over time, I've gotten
rid of all of my barriers
and don't really have any
qualms about participating.
But a lot of that is because of
the support of my classmates.
And not only do I see
it changing in myself,
but I see my classmates
making better points
over time, which then also
again pushes me to be better.
Stakeholder analysis
is so, so important
when we think about change.
So important to do.
We think about who do
we need to worry about
and what do they care about,
what are their interests.
And so you start there,
but that's not enough.
You have to then say, where do
I need to invest the most time?
Who is in this cell?
The board.
I'm really worried
about the managers.
I think the government's
also key in here.
Being in the case
setting you realize
how valuable everyone
else around you is,
and how valuable
their opinions are,
and the importance of being a
really good, active listener.
So before we shift from this
and think about some action
planning, I just want
to show of hands,
because it's not clear to me
in this room, how many of you
are shutting down?
Really?
And how many of you
are not shutting down?
So most of you are
not shutting down.
Wow.
So are we going to
resolve this now?
Or are there points
that we need to make?
I don't know if I think
this is a performance gap.
I don't know this is
about best practices.
To me, this is about culture.
If all of these, like--
if all these miners were
like white and not black,
I think that death rates would
look very, very differently,
because I think
people would consider
the value of the lives
of the people in the mine
very differently.
The question we have to
ask is, is this company
extracting more value from the
community than it's providing?
It's scary to be vulnerable
in a working world.
So you're oftentimes
taught to put up a shield.
But here, you're given
an environment that
supports you to take those
risks and actually celebrates
failures or celebrates
diversity of thought when
you don't agree with someone.
Jumping into the
arena, using your brain
to come to the best
hypothesis and conclusion
that you can given
the data that you have
is a task that leaders
have to do every day.
And how do you use limited
information to make a decision
and do that in a
way that forces you
to flex that muscle of
dealing with ambiguity?
They don't get it, Jake.
Yeah, in dragging get
back up to the front line
to the CEO position,
one of the things
that I was thinking
about is not just
all of these different
elements that we
should be concerned because of
safety, but also the leadership
capabilities in younger self.
You reliably took positions
at your previous company that
were incredibly
unpopular and encountered
all sorts of resistance.
And I think this is a case
where you show me you can do it,
and so I would shut
down the company.
This situation is
different, don't you think?
Is she suited for this job?
Can she do this?
I think that's an incredibly
challenging question.
[LAUGHTER]
That's what we do, Jake.
This is what we do.
We push students to take a
position or to take a stand,
because it forces
students to think
deeply, to think
about risks, to think
about the weaknesses
in their ideas,
and to also be
open to influence.
I want them to set high
standards for themselves.
I want them to be challenged.
I want them to challenge others.
So what initially
brought me here
was that I wanted to
complement the skills that I've
developed in architecture
and consulting
with business skills.
But once I got here, those
priorities completely changed.
What inspires me
now is really having
super engaging
discussions with my peers.
I don't think that I've ever
been that intellectually
stimulated on a day to
day basis as I am here.
And I think for me
that's inspiring
and it just wakes me up
every day with excitement.
I think I recognized
that I wasn't
pushing myself to
think differently
or to lead differently.
I wasn't going to do
anything extraordinary.
And I thought maybe
if I came here
I would be pushed
in a way that would
lead me to develop into someone
who could change something.
At HBS, there's
just no one here who
wants to come out the
same way they came in
and that's really exciting.
30 years ago, Cynthia
Carroll, 30 years ago,
was actually in your seats,
in these exact same seats.
And because of her,
thousands and thousands
of miners in the world are
paid better, are much safer,
and are leading better lives
with much more dignity.
One day, not only
that could be you,
I know that one
day it will be you.